ColorSchemeUbuntu.qml /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuCU.js /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
localStorage.js /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/SudokuGameIcon.svg /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/exit.png /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/hint.svg /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/SudokuGameIcon.png /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/exit.svg /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/new_game.png /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/hint.png /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
icons/new_game.svg /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
sudokugame.cpp /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuTouch.qml /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
sudokugamebackend.cpp /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
ColorSchemeDefault.qml /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuGameIcon.png /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuBlocksGrid /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
ColorSchemeSimple.qml /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
avatar@8.png /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuBlocksGrid.qml /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuButton.qml /usr/share/sudokutouchgame
SudokuTouch.desktop /usr/share/applications
